[Applause]
okay guys this is the basic of a
crossover one foot is going to go in
front of your other foot that's all you
have to think about don't worry about
anything else right now one foot go in
front of the other foot
the practice that put a lot of weight on
your stick lean down on as much as you
can you can literally lean on your stick
and go on one foot so one foot goes over
one foot goes on top keep practicing
this so you'll feel comfortable and
start taking weight off your skate
sorry off your stick now this once you
start doing this it's pretty basic
motion you want to really start working
on it and go start moving faster so you
want to go this way stop this way
stop this way stop now let's put that
into motion alright let's get into
movement now so the best way to practice
this is to find a circle or make a
circle that way you can at least have
little bearings so just start by going
around the circle normally you don't
have to do any crossovers you see just
how your edges are working so you're
going on you're inside the outside now
you're naturally going to want to bring
your one C it around so for practice put
a lot of weight on that stick bring your
one C it around and land it bring this
one back
put it all blade on the stick bring it
around and landed bring this one back I
can go on this stick with this play I
don't have to worry about that other
skate once you start getting good at
that leave the stick out and just start
going around one foot always do the foot
that you feel more comfortable with
mine's the right that's a great way to
start out now once you start getting
comfortable and you start moving so you
start getting more speed you can really
start giving it
put your stick down to get some more
coverage and you want to get low always
get low switch circles after that same
thing with your left always put some
weight on your stick if it's on your
back end you're going to lean over
always put some weight on it I'm over
embellishing right now so then all
you're going to do is go a little
quicker and always leaning in see your
knees knees are always bending okay so
now you're comfortable going on your
left foot in your right but this is a
great drill for you to train yourself I
call it the figure eight in a start here
and just watch what I do start going
around the circle so it's to the other
start working both feet never keep that
foot stick over throw the other circle
now I'm making a figure eight get low go
to the other circle okay another great
drill do is going to be the zig zag
three one way through you got a very
simple one two three turn it up one two
three turn it up so you're gonna go fast
one two three right now alright guys
those steps are gonna help you with your
frontwards crossovers hopefully that you
can get you a lot more speed you're
gonna quickly give me a turn a lot
faster hope these tips helps in for more
great articles is there with safe how to
hockey calm
[Applause]